1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
A: the Functions can be called multiple times
it performs specific task, which is easier to read and update if required.

2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
A: when its called
3. What statement creates a function?
A: def functionname (variable1, variable2, ..) :
then followed by function body with indentation
the variable to be 

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
function is to be defined using def, it is a block of code which accepts parameters.
in function call , we only pass the parameters to run the function.

5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
A: 1 global scope, & as many as we can local scopes.



6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
the memory gets deleted.

7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
A value that a function returns to the caller is return value,
yes expression also can have return value

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
A: None

9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
use "gloabal " and global variable inside function


10. What is the data type of None?
NoneType

11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
it will import "areallyourpetsnamederic" library

12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
A: spam.bacon()
13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
using exceptional handling
that is try : and except: blocks

14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
A:if a run can potentially causes error then we test it using try block
if an error occurs then except block handles that error and pass to next line in code.

